Update DEPLOYMENT.md (#274)
libp2p/js-libp2p-webrtc-star: DEPLOYMENT.md

# Deployment

libp2p-webrtc-star is integrated with the [libp2p Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/libp2p) organization. Docker containers are built for passing CI to the `master` branch and to `tags`. The libp2p infra team leverages these containers to deploy and host webrtc-star services for users to test with. These servers should **not be relied on for Production applications**. If you wish to leverage webrtc-star servers for your application, we recommend running your own as we currently do not guarantee uptime of these servers.

## SSL & Localhost Development

> Since working with localhost is a bit tricky at the moment, there have been recommendations for proxy servers. Here's a turnkey build for a signalling server which supports SSL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since working with localhost is a bit tricky at the time of writing, we recommend using proxy servers for the deployment. Here's a turnkey build for a signalling server which supports SSL.
```

    js-libp2p-webrtc-star:
        image: libp2p/js-libp2p-webrtc-star
        environment:
            - VIRTUAL_HOST=${DOMAIN}
            - LETSENCRYPT_HOST=${DOMAIN}
            - VIRTUAL_PORT=9090
        networks:
            service_network:

    nginx-proxy:
        image: jwilder/nginx-proxy
        ports:
            - 9999:443
        container_name: nginx-proxy
        networks:
            service_network:
        volumes:
            - /var/run/docker.sock:/tmp/docker.sock:ro
            - nginx-certs:/etc/nginx/certs
            - nginx-vhost:/etc/nginx/vhost.d
            - nginx-html:/usr/share/nginx/html
        depends_on:
            - js-libp2p-webrtc-star

    nginx-proxy-letsencrypt:
        image: jrcs/letsencrypt-nginx-proxy-companion
        environment:
            NGINX_PROXY_CONTAINER: "nginx-proxy"
        networks:
            service_network:
        volumes:
            - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro
            - nginx-certs:/etc/nginx/certs
            - nginx-vhost:/etc/nginx/vhost.d
            - nginx-html:/usr/share/nginx/html

networks:
    service_network:

volumes:
    nginx-certs:
    nginx-vhost:
    nginx-html:
```

> Kudos to jjperezaguinaga for the initial proxy-wrap. Yes, it... just works. Better than the HAPI tls hack, no?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kudos to @jjperezaguinaga for the initial proxy-wrap.
```
